[shopsys] move admin assets into shopsys/framework repository (#1243)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/upgrade/UPGRADE-unreleased.md

        - please change your usage accordingly if you extended this class or call the constructor directly
    - if you have overridden `{% block order_items_widget %}` you don't have the variable `orderItemTotalPricesById` defined in the block anymore
        - you can use the totals defined in `OrderItemData::$totalPriceWithVat` and `OrderItemData::$totalPriceWithoutVat` instead

>     - use images from `shopsys/framework` repository in admin ([#1243](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1243))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - clean your project repository after administration image assets were moved from `shopsys/project-base` into `shopsys/framework` repository ([#1243](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1243))
```
